it's over an xbox you're hot you're
talking about play tiny no talking look
you need to review your life if anyone
ever said you have gone she's retarded
honey working people smelled exactly of
the kids that arguably to beat the shit
out of awareness don't get off the game
do you hear your voice is AMA Gavin
nasal infection shut the hell up your
fucking terrible get off the fucking
game
you just don't look at it again Kevin
you definitely sound like you're Hazel's
definitely look at your everybody says
nothing to say nothing to say your
speech Louie obvious exactly oh now we
now we start talking looking a bit
offended Wow all my booze in the best
photo let you know 10 I'm probably not
going to be on a gene I'll bow down the
neck no you get off the fucking game
who's the best look like a joint session
back for daddy and buy your next fucking
like the tell sister you either fucking
out ya know where i live in left are the
exact you to kill yourself kill yourself
I know you don't be you add get angry
angry but you so it's and destroy Wow
sort n sir I'm actually kind of
concerned for your health the other
thing delete it as long as you make that
fucking noise in your mic it's literally
the most annoying shit alive why do that
what do you mean what noise shut the
fuck up what are you talking about
talking I'm not making noises and talk
what the hell is he talking about am I
making noises easy easy talk about the
that's my laugh and that's my laugh I
can't
I'm sorry oh man he also center Oh
shucks you back anyone hear his voice
right now you are only does he sound 11
years old yes a file list is not over
yet hard on your list and then I'll here
you go hard if you get listen to it
means getting so my god holy he's a tank
weed oh wow unmute him a harness and
destroy all right now tens can you
please tell me what the noise sounds
like sec fuck off I'm not doing it
unless you roast this kid with me i'm
totally not only one of my lovely my
plan for the rest of the night is to
make this kid cry okay well ken can you
tell me what the noise i'm doing sounds
like yeah what happened but he died
that remains sinister mission
good oh you good I'm talking about
beating kids asses Iraq box help me get
fully that's cool with Alice that's why
you get bullied at school did you tell
my television what is everyone this is
my cancer of Xbox excuse Under here we
go destroy kid little area one of the
biggest packets I've ever met over Xbox
am I having exaggerating this this is
terrible what happen to hold on I'm
gonna report him for a second let me I'm
sorry your your offensive language
offensive emblem you're cheating and
you're also a booster I'm sorry single
time I get killed by him God is down
Kelly makes your major
oh hey sure i'm drawing a cloud right
god listen to it Jesus Christ not only
yourself yourself yourself you need to
kill chocolate oh my god her name is
Eragon we fucking kill yourself kid you
name it did he has like the Hajj is the
most annoying voice like your name is
Erik Kelly Kelly writes down huh
everybody are okay everybody that can
hear me right now go through that
accents ups kids and just report them
right now report them please report them
for everything possible hey I saw how
does ass sure because nothing good that
he dies my god and I just say something
a heart attack guys are you don't have
anyone you don't have any right to talk
why would I was to do I can't even hear
you I can't understand you with that
parking tone she's not only sent you a
sound worse than a fucking TV antenna
broken dude look listen to yourself well
you you might know what that sounds like
your hillbilly ass no I am a hill is
olya you're a rich little pink over here
that your dad doesn't even fucking kick
your little list yeah nothing eyeing it
either he's not denying anything sorry
hard that I kind of not dealing with
this kid I'm sorry miss you I feel you
got your attention I treated you like
retail price I don't know how you I
don't know how you play on a team with
this kid Jesus Christ because I'm not
annoying to my fellow teammate are you
kidding me alright you
are you feeling just that I'm not
annoying he's are you worried the words
came out of his mouth I am NOT annoying
just a penis accent oh my god you're
right golden league play but shut the
phone my god you're a goal to only have
three days clean man oh you're tall you
have a life I forgot yeah you can beat
the shit he has the IRL that's why you
come on here and talk about it right oh
you're probably five foot fucking two
little pins bad assets are eating
Cheetos no wonder your parents off this
game I don't even know what three days
plate has to do is your break on a play
buddy you kiss your mom with that dirty
oh my god you can't even say original
jokes I know I'm gonna kill myself you
kiss your mouth go kill yourself yeah
yeah your kids are not for you don't
even know what just saying buddy keep
stuttering keep stuttering oh yeah I
don't know you don't know what you say
give it a look